Happy 2013!, but first... Check out this sweet hoodie!   And on with the cold starts!
Alright, Burger King anyone?
(engine starting)
Ah, look at the snow!
I'm not worried about this thing starting.
Whop, I need to remember to turn that thing off.
-Is it recording now?
-Yep
(and shaking)
That wait-to-start light is staying on for a long time.  It must know it's cold out.  (beeping)
Well, this is kinda hill-run(ish) but,
the...uh...
start buttons are actually right behind the frame, there, but that's ok.
I can reach up behind here and hit em'
pushing the... uh.. pre-heat button
as soon as I find it.
So you have to hit the pre-heat button on this thing
Its a diesel.  I am yet to.. uh...hook up the... uh...that's what this
conn-wiring harness is for... the uh...
remote star option, which I am
going to hook up still
Anyway...you hit this preheat and it actually circulates fuel,
primes itself and...uh..does the pre-heat too.
Hmmm, I haven't been counting but we'll see if it will...uh..fire up.
The exhaust points straight down.
Whop.
Let me hit the pre-heat again.
It doesn't sound like it's got enough fuel up into it.
Yeah,  (exhaust) right all over me.
Alright, my little "TC".
Hey this thing's a good little running machine.  It hasn't started in over a year.  Wow.
Alright, now you guys can't be mad at me yet...
Is it a gas or is it a diesel?
Alright, this is horrible light quality, but I
don't have any lights in here.  I'm gonna start this generator first.
Let's find some buttons--there we go.
Hold that button.  Thats for the uh...the glow plugs.
Its a Cummins-Onan generator. I don't even know what size this thing is.
(engine starting)
Alright, it's dark, but lets give this baby a start.
What do you guys think?  Gas or Diesel?
Well, what do you think?
Intake heater?  (beeping)
Geez, I might have some time to go eat something first.
Oh, there we go.
Yeah, its a meow-meow.
Only these d*** things
take that long to warm up.
I need to put some seats in this thing- Its a seven-window.
Alright, now you guys can be mad.
Uh-oh.  Alright, this thing hasn't been started
in at least a month
I don't know if the battery is any good in it.
See, it doesn't have that
rubber thing on the knob, this thing's got a round air brake knob.
(beeping)
Turn that off...Ooo, voltage is looking kinda low.  I don't know if this one's gonna go or not.
The voltage is over there, see.  It's like nine and a half, that thing says.
Oh, now that thing pops over.
(beeping)
Alright, lets see if it goes.
Whoof.
We'll
try that again.
(beeping)
May have to get out the jumper cables with this thing.
Not liking the cold weather, are you?
(beeping)
It's probably pissed off that it's being neglected.
Whop, yeah...gonna have to jump this one.
Man, I'm getting tired of doing this.  Jumper cables...
Alright, jumper cabled up.  Lets see what this thing does.
(beeping)
Well, we're not really reading any more volts, maybe
a little more.
(beeping)
Alright, lets try that.
Well looky there.  Its a runnin' machine!  Its really cranking the amps down.
Hey, the idle adjust actually works in this thing.  You push this little button here
and tone down the idle.
Or if you want, crank the idle up.